add 1.10.1 release note (#38)
bimdata/documentation: src/viewer/reference/context_menu.md

| `label: string`     | The text displayed on the menu.                                                                                                   |
| `picto: string`     | Usually a letter to show the associated shortcut.                                                                                 |
| `execute()`         | The function to execute when the command is clicked.                                                                              |

> | `predicate()?`      | An optionnal predicate function that is run when the context menu opens. The command is displayed if the function returns `true`. If the predicate is an `async` function, the command is displayed when the `Promise` returns by the function resolves. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `predicate()?`      | An optional predicate function that is run when the context menu opens. The command is displayed if the function returns `true`. If the predicate is an `async` function, the command is displayed when the `Promise` returned by the function resolves. |
```
